docs/todos/todos.md, before:

✅ - Fix the import structure so everything is consistent. We need to run all features of this little application from one main file?
[] - Implement Semantic Weighting and Keyword extraction:
```
    prioritize salient words, use TF-IDF, RAKE, or KeyBERT:

    RAKE (Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction):

    from rake_nltk import Rake
    r = Rake()
    r.extract_keywords_from_text("who would win in a fight, an ogre or an umber hulk")
    r.get_ranked_phrases()
    # ['fight', 'ogre', 'umber hulk']


    KeyBERT (uses BERT embeddings to find meaningful keywords):

    from keybert import KeyBERT
    kw_model = KeyBERT()
    kw_model.extract_keywords("who would win in a fight, an ogre or an umber hulk")
    # [('ogre', 0.7), ('umber hulk', 0.68), ('fight', 0.65)]
```
[] include YAML in the markdown that gets copied to metadata in the chunks to help LLM decypher tables. During table conversion to JSON, we can get the LLM doing the converting to provide the instructions for understanding the table.
[] Rate limiter!
[] Update query_must for monsters - instead of splitting the name, let's drop any text after " (" and use that for query_must.contain
[] Apache.
[] JSON return, with debug/diagnostic output as a separate property from the actual answer.
[] Update diagnostic output to include which book a chunk comes from, and the complete heading hierarchy.
[] Convert all of the print/echo calls to a logging object. Ask for a good, generic object we can use. We'll need to store log messages for debug output.
[] Add a delete collection feature to clear out old test data.
[] Add another feature to chunk metadata, "further reading" or something like that, where we can add a reference to a chunk that will be relevant even if it's not semantically similar.
[] Need to know - can I update the metadata for just one chunk? Can I retrieve just one chunk by chunk ID or similar
[] Maybe reduce the minimum number of chunks to zero instead of two. ?

Commit message:

feat: Normalize Monster Manual metadata with consistent hierarchy field
Standardized metadata structure across all Monster Manual chunk types by adding
a unified hierarchy field. This creates consistency with Player's Handbook and
DMG chunks, improving diagnostic output and making the codebase more maintainable.

Key Changes:
- Added hierarchy field to all chunk types (monster, category, reference)
- Monsters with parents: DEMON -> Demogorgon (Prince of Demons)
- Standalone monsters: AERIAL SERVANT
- Categories: DEMON
- Reference chunks: EXPLANATORY NOTES
- Enhanced diagnostic output with book, hierarchy, and chunk numbering
- Fixed ChromaCloud auto-connection bug (load_dotenv override)
- Fixed query_must dragon false positive matching (contain vs contain_one_of)
- Added EXPLANATORY NOTES reference chunks (16 subsections)
- Reference chunks bypass query_must filtering

Files Changed:
- src/chunkers/monster_encyclopedia.py (hierarchy metadata)
- src/embedders/monster_book_embedder.py (preserve hierarchy field)
- src/query/docling_query.py (format_chunk_info helper)
- src/query/query_must_filter.py (plural support)
- src/utils/config.py (override=True for dotenv)
- tests/test_monster_encyclopedia_chunker.py (NEW - 6 tests)
- docs/implementations/query_must_monster_fix.md (NEW - documentation)
- docs/todos/todos.md (updated completion status)

Testing:
- Re-chunked Monster Manual: 310 chunks (287 monsters + 7 categories + 16 refs)
- Re-embedded to adnd_1e collection at localhost:8060
- Final count: 2466 chunks (exactly 2156 + 310)
- All hierarchy types verified in diagnostics
- All 36 query_must unit tests passing
- All 6 new monster chunker tests passing

docs/todos/todos.md, after:

✅ - Fix the import structure so everything is consistent. We need to run all features of this little application from one main file?
[] - Implement Semantic Weighting and Keyword extraction:
```
    prioritize salient words, use TF-IDF, RAKE, or KeyBERT:

    RAKE (Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction):

    from rake_nltk import Rake
    r = Rake()
    r.extract_keywords_from_text("who would win in a fight, an ogre or an umber hulk")
    r.get_ranked_phrases()
    # ['fight', 'ogre', 'umber hulk']


    KeyBERT (uses BERT embeddings to find meaningful keywords):

    from keybert import KeyBERT
    kw_model = KeyBERT()
    kw_model.extract_keywords("who would win in a fight, an ogre or an umber hulk")
    # [('ogre', 0.7), ('umber hulk', 0.68), ('fight', 0.65)]
```
[] include YAML in the markdown that gets copied to metadata in the chunks to help LLM decypher tables. During table conversion to JSON, we can get the LLM doing the converting to provide the instructions for understanding the table.
[X] Rate limiter!
[X] Update query_must for monsters - instead of splitting the name, let's drop any text after " (" and use that for query_must.contain
[] Apache.
[X] JSON return, with debug/diagnostic output as a separate property from the actual answer.
[] Update diagnostic output to include which book a chunk comes from, and the complete heading hierarchy.
[X] Convert all of the print/echo calls to a logging object. Ask for a good, generic object we can use. We'll need to store log messages for debug output.
[X] Update MonsterEncyclopediaChunker to preserve EXPLANATORY NOTES section and chunk subsections as reference material.
[] Add a delete collection feature to clear out old test data.
[] Add "further_reading" metadata field to chunks to create knowledge graph connections.
[] Need to know - can I update the metadata for just one chunk? Can I retrieve just one chunk by chunk ID or similar
[] Maybe reduce the minimum number of chunks to zero instead of two. ?
[] Change the prompt instructions around reading tables.
